1123 =NewsC

1    =When you just want to play for practice, go to KICK OFF mode and select Exhibition Match. Team up with another player for even more fun.
2    =When you want to save and view stats or results of 1 vs 1 matches, select "KICK OFF" mode and then "VERSUS". You'll then be able to check out tie-specific stats and Play Analysis.
3    =When you want to play an online match with the minimum of fuss, Quick Match is a good idea. You'll be able to play against all sorts of online players without recording match results, making it the perfect way to practice.
4    =In Online Divisions, you can play high-octane online games using teams you have stored. Aim for the top of the league!
5    =Invite your friends to join you in the Friendly Match Lobby and take them on in online matches. In myClub, there is also a special lobby where you can enjoy Friendly Matches.
6    =To team up with other players in online matches, head to the Team Play Lobby. Up to 22 players can take part in exciting multiplayer matches.
7    =You can choose from a range of tournaments to take part in from the COMPETITION tab. There are tournaments with different rules and regulations, so pick the one that suits you and take aim at the top.
8    =myClub mode is the place to go online and make your own original club. You can take on COM opponents or select the tactics and then watch how matches unfold with SIM. You'll find there are all sorts of accessible options.
9    =The legendary management mode Master League has an all-new feature: Club Operations. When Club Operations is set to Challenge mode, expect a fresh and life-like management experience, as your club meets many obstacles along its journey to greatness.
10   =Take on the role of a single player and experience the life and career of a footballer. Check out Become a Legend and take aim at the top of the game.
11   =If you're having trouble winning, Training mode is the place for you. Try out the full range of Skills Training options and watch your game improve.
12   =If you want to master high-level techniques and win matches with ease, it's going to take a bit of effort. Free Training in Training mode gives you all sorts of options to focus on specific skills and techniques.
13   =The Edit function lets you customise data, design and names for everything from leagues and clubs to players and stadiums.
14   =Select APPLY LIVE UPDATE from the EXTRAS tab to apply the latest Live Update transfer info to your edited data.
15   =In myClub, you can make use of Scouts to more easily track down and sign the player you are after. You can also obtain high-value Scouts by bidding for them in Auctions.
16   =You can set Advanced Instructions as part of your Game Plan, adding variety to the approach you take to matches. You can enjoy watching how COM opponents respond to your tactical approaches.
17   =The Play Analysis will be saved in both VERSUS mode and in online matches. You can compare your team with your opponents and come up with the best approach to each game.
18   =Enjoy a new element to corners and free kicks with Set Piece Strategies, allowing you to test your opponents with organisational tactics.
19   =If you're looking to test your skills in a low-pressure mode, try [Exhibition Match]. There's also the option to play matches with a co-op partner.
20   =On top of the standard 1 vs 1 matches available in PES LEAGUE mode, there are now a range of competitions you can enter, such as CO-OP, Random Selection Match and myClub cups. Big tournaments are in the works for the future, so watch this space!
21   =In rj, you can only play a portion of the full version's features. In the full version, you can play many different modes, including Master League, Become a Legend, Online Divisions, Team Play Lobby, na and Edit.
22   =When playing while connected to the rf server, you can acquire GP at various points in the game. GP can be used in myClub, available in the full version.
23   =Random Selection Matches now feature trades to add an extra layer of challenge. Try one out via KICK OFF mode.
24   =In Online CO-OP you can team up with one or even two other users to play online competitive matches. Why not create a Clan with a friend and attempt to dominate this new arena of online competitive football?
25   =The easiest way to jump into online CO-OP matchplay is by playing an Online CO-OP Casual Match. Give it a try and you might just find your ultimate online partner!
26   =You can experience CO-OP and PES LEAGUE in myClub mode. There's a whole host of new match types in myClub just waiting to be discovered.
27   =The new Match Level Legend is now available. Win 5 Super Star matches in any mode to unlock Legend difficulty level.
